INVEST IN VIVA ¡VIVA IS LIFE!
Exclusive private offering available only here!
 Find out more...  Purchase Shares today!

We have created the fastest decentralized multi-modal global records system. Backed by blockchain technology, it has  a built-in international payment network. Here are some highlights:

Multi-Modal Graph Blockchain
VIVA uses a Multi-Modal Graph blockchain to store records.

Super fast
Viva is incredibly fast (storing up to 120,000 records per second

Deep Learning
Performs deep learning
Queries across the entire dataset.


Cryptocurrency
VIVA is also a cryptocurrency!

Topical
VIVA COIN is a middle coin, which is controled by master nodes called Coronas. They are topical and can create an unlimited amount of tokens and pegged assets.

CORONAS: THE MASTER MINDS

We have created the fastest decentralized multi-modal global records system. Backed by blockchain technology, it has  a built-in international payment network. Here are some highlights:







MISSION

It is our mission to not only bring quality  health services to the  poor, but to also  provide a way for the average consumer to have a quick checkup.
VIVA also alows you to easily send money to family or friend abroad without hassle.
The team behind VIVA!

We believe in a diverse range of personell to bring creative skills, thoughts, and ideas to the table.
The goal here at VIVA has always been to design robust infrastructure you can depend on. Our skills, experience and values have made this company what it is today. Each member of the VIVA team puts their heart and soul into all that we do… and it shows!


Alec Hahn
DESIGNER

Devin Luker
LEAD DEVELOPER / SYSTEM ARCHITECT

Dawn Parker Waites
CEO

Francisco Santillan
INVESTOR RELATIONS

Esteban Padilla
LOGISTICS

Abel Mata Hernandez
ENGINEER SUPERVISIOR

Josefina Mata Zetina
ACCOUNTING

Aire Peregrina
SUPPORT

Sebastian Pfeiffer
COMMUNICATIONS

Kellyn Bardeen
COPYWRITER
Initial Coin Offering

TOTAL INITIAL COIN OFFERING: 10000 CORONA COINS*

ICO Phase 1 - 3000 Crowns = 2250 BTC

1/3 Round 2:1 BTC discount – 2/3 Round 1.5:1 BTC discount – 3/3 Round 1:1 BTC per CORONA COINS
CORONA COINS DISTRIBUTION:
FOUNDER CORONA COINS
ICO CORONA COINS
HONORARY CORONA COINS

 

The CORONA COINS:

 Allow the holder to vote on any expenditure
 Are fully transferable. They can be traded peer-to-peer or on an exchange
 Represent a relative portion of  crypto assets at any given time
The CROWN COIN crowdsale:

Start Date: The CORONA COIN asset crowdsale begins on November 5th at 23:42 UTC.

Duration: 42 days.

Conversion Schedule:

For the first 13 days: 1000 CORONA COINS for 0.50 bitcoin (BTC)
For the 14 subsequent days: 925 CORONA COINS for 0.75 bitcoin (BTC)
For the 17 successive days: 850 CORONA COINS for 1 bitcoin (BTC)
VIVA COMPANIES

 For Companies and Organisations within the VIVA Network, each Corona can create a hive and is accountable to the collateralized assets it creates.



VIVA ATMs

VIVA cabinas come with an integrated blockchain-based payment network. Patients can pay for their services directly at the ATM. Additionally, cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin can be bought or sold at the ATM, generating extra revenue.

Bitcoin machines are profitable
Prime locations are reporting monthly transactions volumes from $70K to as high as $300K. Standard locations about $20K to $30K. Operators have been covering the cost of their machines in 3-9 months.

2 Billion Adults without a Bank Account
6 Billion Smartphone Users by end of 2020
25 Billion USD in remittances from USA to Mexico 
PROBLEM

PROBLEMS with Bitcoin ATMs and remittances:

Average ATM exchange fee is 6.5% to convert into a cryptocurrency. 13% in total to convert back to a FIAT currency elsewhere, which makes remittances not competitive  vs. companies like Western Union.
These high fees are a result of overpriced ATM hardware and greedy operators without a unified network working on their own.
Regulatory burdens.
Complex user on boarding.
SOLUTION

SOLUTION for remittance ATMs:

Large unified international network – Having a wide spread, unified international network of ATMs using their own settlement method makes remittances competitive with companies such as Western Union.
Own low cost manufacturing – Low cost ATMs help maintain low exchange fees and have a faster return of investment.
Unique combination with health services – Allows us to have multiple sources of revenue, which yet again helps to reduce operating costs.
Bitcoin ATM market data

Number of Bitcoin ATM Installed Over Time:
Total ATMsGenesis CoinLamassuGeneral BytesBitAccessBitXatmSkyhookRobocoin KioskOthers

Share of Bitcoin ATM Market by Manufacturer:
Genesis CoinLamassuGeneral BytesBitAccessBitXatmSkyhookRobocoinOther

Source: https://coinatmradar.com/charts/#by-manufacturer

VIVA CABINAS!

VIVA is the most advanced cabina for remote diagnosis and treatment of patients by means of telecommunications technology.

"Telemedicine" is the ability to provide interactive healthcare utilizing modern technology and telecommunications.

Basically, Telemedicine allows patients to visit with physicians live over video for immediate care, or capture video/still images. Patient data are stored and sent to physicians for diagnosis and follow-up treatment at a later time. 
Whether you live in the center of Los Angeles or deep in the Brazilian Amazon, Telemedicine is an invaluable tool in Healthcare.

Here’s an example of how Telemedicine works everyday:
Say you have a horrible sore throat and visit your healthcare provider, who does an examination and is concerned with what he sees. Your provider recommends a referral to an ENT specialist for a follow up diagnosis and treatment plan. Instead of traveling to the nearest specialist, which could be anywhere from a 45-minute drive or an 18-hour boat ride up the Amazon River, your provider connects you directly to the ENT specialist via Telemedicine.



45
Out-of-pocket payments for health care
30
Minutes of average travel time to nearest Doctor
2
Doctors (per 1000 population)
PROBLEM

PROBLEMS with health services:

Stress finding the right doctor and traveling to him/her.
After visiting a general doctor, more stress traveling to the next specialist.
Long waiting times to receive help.
Expensive treatments.
No qualified professionals in rural areas.
SOLUTION

SOLUTION for health services:

Improved Access – For over 40 years, telemedicine has been used to bring healthcare services to patients in distant locations. Not only does telemedicine improve access to patients, but it also allows physicians and health facilities to expand their reach, beyond their own offices. Given the provider shortages throughout the world–in both rural and urban areas–telemedicine has a unique capacity to increase service to millions of new patients.
Cost Efficiencies – Reducing or containing the cost of healthcare is one of the most important reasons for funding and adopting telehealth technologies. Telemedicine has been shown to reduce the cost of healthcare and increase efficiency through better management of chronic diseases, shared health professional staffing, reduced travel times, and fewer or shorter hospital stays.
Improved Quality – Studies have consistently shown that the quality of healthcare services delivered via telemedicine are as good those given in traditional in-person consulations. In some specialties, particularly in mental health and ICU care, telemedicine delivers a superior product, with greater outcomes and patient satisfaction.
Patient Demand – Consumers want telemedicine. The greatest impact of telemedicine is on the patient, their family and their community. Using telemedicine technologies reduces travel time and related stresses for the patient. Over the past 15 years, study after study has documented patient satisfaction and support for telemedical services. Such services offer patients the access to providers that might not be available otherwise, as well as medical services without the need to travel long distances.
Get in touch with us!

Big or small, we’ve got a solution when you need it.

Our office





Drop us a line

YOUR NAME (REQUIRED)


YOUR EMAIL (REQUIRED)


YOUR MESSAGE



Made in Berlin  Copyright 2016 NAOME SAPI de CV
Powered by WORDPRESS Theme: Brooklyn by UNITED THEMES